README.md, before:

# vim-anywhere

Sometimes, you edit text outside of Vim. These are sad times. Enter
vim-anywhere!

![demo](assets/demo.gif)

Once [invoked](#keybinding), vim-anywhere will open a buffer. Close it and its
contents are copied to your __clipboard__ and your previous application is
refocused.

## Installation

#### Requirements

__OSX:__

- MacVim (`brew cask install macvim`)

__Linux:__

- Gnome (or a derivative)
- gVim

#### Install

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/cknadler/vim-anywhere/master/install | bash
```

#### Update

```bash
~/.vim-anywhere/update
```

#### Uninstall

```bash
~/.vim-anywhere/uninstall
```

## Keybinding

__OSX:__ ( default = `ctrl+cmd+v` )

You can adjust the shortcut via [system preferences](assets/shortcut.png).

```
System Preferences > Keyboard > Shortcuts > Services > Vim Anywhere
```

__Linux:__ ( default = `ctrl+alt+v` )

*Gnome*
```bash
$ gconftool -t str --set /desktop/gnome/keybindings/vim-anywhere/binding <custom binding>
```

*I3WM*

```bash
$ echo 'bindsym $mod+Alt+v exec ~/.vim-anywhere/bin/run' >> ~/.i3/config # remember to reload your config after
```
Adjust in case `$mod` is not set to ctrl.

## History

vim-anywhere creates a temporary file in `/tmp/vim-anywhere` when invoked. These
files stick around until you restart your system, giving you a temporary
history.

View your history:

```bash
$ ls /tmp/vim-anywhere
```

Reopen your most recent file:

```bash
$ vim $( ls /tmp/vim-anywhere | sort -r | head -n 1 )
```

## Why?

I use Vim for _almost_ everything. I wish I didn't have to say _almost_. My
usual workflow is to open Vim, write, copy the text out of my current buffer
and paste it into whatever application I was just using. vim-anywhere attempts
to automate this process as much as possible, reducing the friction of using
Vim to do more than just edit code.

## Bugs

First, make sure to [read the FAQ](FAQ.md). If you don't find the answer you're
looking for there, feel free to open an issue.

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Pull requests, suggestions and issues of any kind are welcome. **Make sure
to check out the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before you submit a
pull request.**

## License

MIT.

Commit message:

Add switch to prepopulate vim with the current clipboard contents
`-c` will dump the contents of the clipboard into the tempfile before it opens for editing

README.md, after:

# vim-anywhere

Sometimes, you edit text outside of Vim. These are sad times. Enter
vim-anywhere!

![demo](assets/demo.gif)

Once [invoked](#keybinding), vim-anywhere will open a buffer. Close it and its
contents are copied to your __clipboard__ and your previous application is
refocused.

## Installation

#### Requirements

__OSX:__

- MacVim (`brew cask install macvim`)

__Linux:__

- Gnome (or a derivative)
- gVim

#### Install

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/cknadler/vim-anywhere/master/install | bash
```

#### Update

```bash
~/.vim-anywhere/update
```

#### Uninstall

```bash
~/.vim-anywhere/uninstall
```

## Options

* `-v`
  - Verbose. Echo of every command in the script.
* `-c`
  - Clipboard. Pre-populate Vim with the current clipboard contents.

## Keybinding

__OSX:__ ( default = `ctrl+cmd+v` )

You can adjust the shortcut via [system preferences](assets/shortcut.png).

```
System Preferences > Keyboard > Shortcuts > Services > Vim Anywhere
```

__Linux:__ ( default = `ctrl+alt+v` )

*Gnome*
```bash
$ gconftool -t str --set /desktop/gnome/keybindings/vim-anywhere/binding <custom binding>
```

*I3WM*

```bash
$ echo 'bindsym $mod+Alt+v exec ~/.vim-anywhere/bin/run' >> ~/.i3/config # remember to reload your config after
```
Adjust in case `$mod` is not set to ctrl.

## History

vim-anywhere creates a temporary file in `/tmp/vim-anywhere` when invoked. These
files stick around until you restart your system, giving you a temporary
history.

View your history:

```bash
$ ls /tmp/vim-anywhere
```

Reopen your most recent file:

```bash
$ vim $( ls /tmp/vim-anywhere | sort -r | head -n 1 )
```

## Why?

I use Vim for _almost_ everything. I wish I didn't have to say _almost_. My
usual workflow is to open Vim, write, copy the text out of my current buffer
and paste it into whatever application I was just using. vim-anywhere attempts
to automate this process as much as possible, reducing the friction of using
Vim to do more than just edit code.

## Bugs

First, make sure to [read the FAQ](FAQ.md). If you don't find the answer you're
looking for there, feel free to open an issue.

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Pull requests, suggestions and issues of any kind are welcome. **Make sure
to check out the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before you submit a
pull request.**

## License

MIT.
